1.  sudo find / -type d -iname "nose2_html_report"(To check for particula directory is present or not)

2.  cp /home/deploy/html_report.py* . (To copy html_report.py file from home/deploy to the current directory)

3.  pwd (Print Working directory)

4.  cd (to change from current directory to home directory)

5.  ps -ef|grep jpos(To know the running process)

6   rm file name (will delete the mention file in the current directory)
       rm -f (It will remove the file forcefully witout any prompt)

7.  vi file name to open file in linux.

8.  vi commands: 
                press shift+i to enter in edit mode in vi editor
				press esc to come out from edit mode.
				press :q to quit vi editor
				press :q! quit vi editor without saving the changes
				press :w to save the changes
				press :wq to save and quit the vi editor.
				press:/ to search the word in the file and then press n for the next word.

9.  esc+shift+g will jump to the end of the file

10. gg will jump to the start of the file.

11. rm -rf directory name (It will remove the mention directory without any prompt)
        

12. press i to modify file in vi mode after press esc and press :wq to save the changes.

13  mv command: It will move a file from one folder to another and it is also used to rename the file there is no seperate command to rename
                rename the file or folder in linux.

    Example of mv command:-  

                       1. mv file.txt file1.txt (It will rename the file.txt to file1.txt if file1.txt is not present
					                             else it will replace the content of file1.txt with file.txt and file.txt will be removed)
												 
					   2. 						 
					   
					   
14  ls (It will list all the file and folder in your directory)

     ls-al(It will list all the file and folder in your directory including .file)

15 cp Commands:

              1.cp [option] source destination
                             example: cp /d/bank_detail /d/readme/(it copy a file bank_detail from d drive to d/readme/ folder) 
              2. cp -a copy archive file

              3. cp -i interactive copy.
              
              4. cp -R recursive copy.

16 cat > filename.txt(It will creat the text file)

17 cat filename(It will show the content of the file)

18 cat -n filename(It will display line number also)

19 touch command:

                1. touch filename1 filename2 filename3 (It will creat the filename1,filename2,filename3 if not exist otherwise it will change the time stamp of the file but not overwrite the file by default)	

                2. 	touch {a..z}(It will create file from a to z)
				
20 grep Command:- It is used to search the text.

                1. grep "text" filename(It will search the text in the given file)
				2. grep -i "text" filename (It will skip the case)
				3. grep -r "text" or  grep -R "text" (It will recursively search the given text in all the file and directory in the current working directory and also show 
      			   the file name in which it found)
				4. grep -rh "Text"(It will not show the file name)
				5. grep -w "text" file it will search only for the seperate word privided.
						 Example: grep "text" filename (It will search for all the word that has text in it like text1,text2,text3,text)
						 grep -w "text" filename (It will match with the seperate word only not text1,text2)
				6. grep -c "text" filename (It will give you the number of time the word appear in the file).
				7. grep -n "text" filename. (It will give you the line number also where the searched word present).
			    8. egrep -w "text|text1" filename. (It will search for two word text and text1).
				9. grep -v "Text" filename(It will those line that does not contain given text)
				
				
				
21. ps -ef (It will show how many process are running)

22. kill PID's(kill the process with mention pid's)
